README.md, before:

# Best-Songs
My personal all-time favourites


### Mixed
1. Lego House -  Ed Sheeran
2. Sydney Belfast (Gods and Kings)
3. The way I are
4. Every Breath you take
5. Songbird, havana - Kenny G
6. Ice Cube - you know how we do it
7. Barcelona - Jonah kagen
8. 24k magic
9. Stay with me - Calvin Harris
10. Hoobastank - Reason
12. Calm Down - Taylor Swift
13. Ellie Goulding - Love me like you do
14. hadaway - what is love?
15. We're going to Ibiza - vengaboys
16. Coldplay - Up and up
17. Take on Me- A-ha
18. Panna ki Tamanna
19. When the lights go on again - Vera lynn
20. Complete Mess - 5 seconds of summer
21. metamorphosis
22. After Dark - Mr.kitty
23. Ginga Pele
24. Paradise - coldplay
25. Don't kill the Magic - Magic!
26. Mesut ozil humiliates Great Players
27. Rain over me -  Pitbull
28. I like you - Post Malone
29. Other echoes free running
30. Billie Jean
31. Thriller
32. Hold My Hand
33. K'Naan- waving flag
34. Safe and Sound-capital cities
35. Feel your love-Jim Bakkum (the main chorus part)
36. Can't stop the feeling - JT
37. Bruce Springsteen - Secret Garden
38. Bruce Sprinhsteen - Dancing in the dark
39. Bryan Adams - Inside out
40. instant crush - daft Punk
41. Dire Straits Walk of Life
42. Sexy B*** - Akon
43. Elley Duhe - middle of the night
44. Dire Straits - walk of life
45. DJ NYK - bollywood sunset mix (Italy) 2023
46. Snowfall
47. James young infinity
48. Coldplay - champion of the world
49. Nirvana - Something in the way
50. Ghungroo
51. DJ nyk at  Adiyogi Sadhguru - first 4 minutes 😍
52. Bhediyaa arijit song
53. Now we are free Gladiator song
54. Few Songs from "A Man called Otto"
55. Cool Kids Echosmith - low volume mei is best
56. 10:35 Tiesto
57. It doesn't really matter
58. Metamorphosis slowed + reverb
59. Angelia Richard Marx
60. U2 - We are the people
61. Interstellar Hans Zimmer Main Theme
62. Don't kill the Magic!
63. Right now Na na na
64. Ve Maahi
65. Let me entertain you - Robbie Williams
66. Stay ft. Mikky ekko Rihanna
67. Penthouse floor John legend
68. In the Stars - Benson Boone and its sped up version.
69. Desire - Years and years
70. Strawberry guy -  F song slowed
71. CR7 2009-10 teocri good intor song
72. Of Mice and Men - sebring remix CR& video 2013-14 Mr Bundesteam
73. Careless whisper - george michael
74. Streets of philadelphia - Bruce Springsteen
75. Peaches lofi
76.

Commit message:

yogi and oldies eng song

README.md, after:

# Best-Songs
My personal all-time favourites


### Mixed
1. Lego House -  Ed Sheeran
2. Sydney Belfast (Gods and Kings)
3. The way I are
4. Every Breath you take
5. Songbird, havana - Kenny G
6. Ice Cube - you know how we do it
7. Barcelona - Jonah kagen
8. 24k magic
9. Stay with me - Calvin Harris
10. Hoobastank - Reason
12. Calm Down - Taylor Swift
13. Ellie Goulding - Love me like you do
14. hadaway - what is love?
15. We're going to Ibiza - vengaboys
16. Coldplay - Up and up
17. Take on Me- A-ha
18. Panna ki Tamanna
19. When the lights go on again - Vera lynn
20. Complete Mess - 5 seconds of summer
21. metamorphosis
22. After Dark - Mr.kitty
23. Ginga Pele
24. Paradise - coldplay
25. Don't kill the Magic - Magic!
26. Mesut ozil humiliates Great Players
27. Rain over me -  Pitbull
28. I like you - Post Malone
29. Other echoes free running
30. Billie Jean
31. Thriller
32. Hold My Hand
33. K'Naan- waving flag
34. Safe and Sound-capital cities
35. Feel your love-Jim Bakkum (the main chorus part)
36. Can't stop the feeling - JT
37. Bruce Springsteen - Secret Garden
38. Bruce Sprinhsteen - Dancing in the dark
39. Bryan Adams - Inside out
40. instant crush - daft Punk
41. Dire Straits Walk of Life
42. Sexy B*** - Akon
43. Elley Duhe - middle of the night
44. Dire Straits - walk of life
45. DJ NYK - bollywood sunset mix (Italy) 2023
46. Snowfall
47. James young infinity
48. Coldplay - champion of the world
49. Nirvana - Something in the way
50. Ghungroo
51. DJ nyk at  Adiyogi Sadhguru - first 4 minutes 😍
52. Bhediyaa arijit song
53. Now we are free Gladiator song
54. Few Songs from "A Man called Otto"
55. Cool Kids Echosmith - low volume mei is best
56. 10:35 Tiesto
57. It doesn't really matter
58. Metamorphosis slowed + reverb
59. Angelia Richard Marx
60. U2 - We are the people
61. Interstellar Hans Zimmer Main Theme
62. Don't kill the Magic!
63. Right now Na na na
64. Ve Maahi
65. Let me entertain you - Robbie Williams
66. Stay ft. Mikky ekko Rihanna
67. Penthouse floor John legend
68. In the Stars - Benson Boone and its sped up version.
69. Desire - Years and years
70. Strawberry guy -  F song slowed
71. CR7 2009-10 teocri good intor song
72. Of Mice and Men - sebring remix CR& video 2013-14 Mr Bundesteam
73. Careless whisper - george michael
74. Streets of philadelphia - Bruce Springsteen
75. Peaches lofi
76. Oh darling, please stay by me Dianna
77. Supreme yogi - how to stay calm
